3:9 doing all night or from smith -
right - 5 0 maintain 2000 eliza cleared
ILS going to eat right approve right
turn to 2 5 0 $2,000 samples compared to
a list to a right 390 our cup white
vinegar off-mike contact form on Redell
tower woman and 0.3 g'day sir coughing
good day
don't 1604 turn left and echo left to
get onto Bravo crowd control point for
is he cleared it more let's tickle if
Bravo ground three four don't 1404 thing
2551 Julia Julia caution wake turbulence
crew departure Boeing 737 planning a few
seven zero from weights doing it right
therefore take up to seven zero three or
four think of doing a right seven Julia
Julia Fort Lauderdale tower premier and
three nines or golf blanks with the iOS
to 8 right there are three Niner zero
golf blank Fort Lauderdale X morning at
number two following an Airbus over the
Charlotte additional traffic Boeing 737
old assistant conduit turbulence
one two three three zero at nine or
Emily to a Frank there's a lamp
do it right clear to Lancer go
well foot 2676 Portland on our traffic
of premier jetty mile final runway 2 8
right - Bentley
don't worry so much that some agility
context miami departure good morning
Miami efforts good morning and 7 judy
judy
Nexus 925 here unless dead echo left
again on the Bravo house is no place for
a cute there good morning
echo Bravo and over to gratify placement
for you
help 126 76 planning up to eight times
from late to eight right therefore take
up any 285 square first aircraft or
myself this morning the cutting edge
juvenile invade their Fort Lauderdale's
are exploring one three three zero one
two from late to eight left line
employed expect about 30 seconds into
this crime are statements I vow it onto
8:11 camaronera s3 is they're coming
limited partner they warm up their get
1000 departure of radiation so the 46s
jump up to 69 a mile half outside a
Snapple turbulence 3-0 turn right
heading up to a sign for a link to eat
lunch therefore take up the right charge
of 285 my clear for takeoff five to
eight left
paraben Airlines reason to push t69 for
exporting a number here falling uh
printed over the shoreline one three two
zero one one relates to eight right
there little tray right little access
loose
five hundred
yeah
minimums minimums
Clyde slope glide slope flight slope
Karina let's say their context let me
depart Yucatec Maya departure by three
Jerusalem
so complex on a national their golf my
grand cake continued under the next high
speed that will be dumped out right
there trying al FinTech didn't national
debt the frequent thing okay write it
Delta and write it alpha to national sir
coupling
but er er er justly 2007 or nine and a
half pound for to a trace the 2007
frontliner Dale Terry number two Fong
intervals over the shoreline was b201
to Emily to a trench circle in copy
number two clearly